lady fires. It was it was Ok. I left my back there home and money.
So many things looks at it. that's okay 1030 They were probably waiting 30 people in the store like Okay, It's time to go out now.
We're closed we're closed we are closed now leave you for your own Third, These kids were humanly.
I was like we were closing in. a few minutes so we'll only cheat things out because I didn't really want binding this one to look, and I said, Ok.
We're closed out so he's moving and by making them go out, and they were trying to be cute and say sweet things the same in lots of student types.
They're most of families so so well there you look times 11 I said, No, it's like 30 is past or closing time.
Actually, and is there any other? What are the other bookstores open in town now?
Month I should send 30. This is the thing open. It says ice cream stores and bars, and some other guy came in.
I felt kind of bad, but I guess I can go last summer, I said, There's some guy came in who look like a student sort of Mr.
Student type like they kept friendly looking in, basically needed a place to stay because and end up with $20.
And we couldn't get to amherst because of no car, and no buses on their hotels are open, etc.
More snow. You anyone who would put him up and I refer him down to Paul because it's probably more than 2.
But the same thing. I thought, Well, that's everything I should talk German, and they also just quite Simba.
I would have been comfortable, I think, really interesting.
I found out that he was returning the book on Commercial.
Oh, well, first of all, so do I have this friend named Sarah hurt, or did you have?
This place. This is cool co-op initiatives, and this she deals a lot with alternative from the housing and Co.
Housing and houseing and housing for disabled people and stuff.
So you were talking about that. And then, while we were talking about that looking to buy something, and she gave me the name. This other is Amherst.
Art. who's started 2 co housing developments in this area. it's just so funny that and Jim I put a note in a log.
The book check out thing because I wrote down the name of the book to check it out, and she came out.
Said, Oh, neat I've got a friend who's in a house, a place in Denver in my palace.
I think of the member feels very wild 50 shoes first. just got too Carey, and I didn't think it was the right time to buy a book.
That much stuff, bad computer access, what tastes it? and I also to hold around and figured out how it can get things. Turn out 2 on a page.
Oh, it's a couple of paper. the fine ones. But I think it's.
Ok. in better life you have to get away the question was about to really get the step fingertips on top of You're right back, because lighting is an issue that needs to address to myself.
So it seems like a fairly basic one that we could risk fairly. I was thinking we should walk down some time to be.
Yeah, yeah, to the lighting poets down by just go.
I want to do things orderly I use the rest of the orange juice. But I put the theater back in the fridge so that we don't have to Watch anything.
Just make more, or just tomorrow. Ok. So far the cheapest place I found in here is $6 a month.
See the thing is this like it's cute though moving up particularly particular.
I mean light does come through there. but if you're as there to read.
You need right next to what about the other one radiator tilts?
So I got to look at the copy of it's Dante's Inferno.
It's a new translation with 20 temporary American poets get different cantos translated them.
So it's neat there's his comics book i'm right.
They've done translations of these sort of other different campos or proctals, and the but it's expected in systems. but it's hard to.
That's nice and it. matches kind of this back book and sent a back book that I want to go and it was a plan I don't really need it. Think about.
I don't need either one wasn't originally finally done with the bike home and the inferno.
One the way they look together is very nice those 2 books together.
It's nice thinking it's sort of an aesthetic thing, but a very significant together by the time. I'm going to have a little vacation, so I could sit in the bath and have my son to bat 3 a little
bit far up. The Alexander started book back. they returned.
I think they returned the one that creating a beautiful homework the one I had to have the blue and red rating. Oh, it's not there.
It's not an inventory anymore. They have an example so they want to get the heart that come about.
I know I was very disturbed like an alzheimer's, or another one of them, too, is a program.
You need this isn't. just a list of more places that are, you may be, between the spread of play around the one that just looks sort of decrepit.
Maybe I think we'll probably do better if it does babies trimmed off.
Thought about doing that in the springtime thought we read questions but I think there's more babies than got pretty new babies I could reclaim.
But I haven't right now. yeah other plant over there is there's lots of babies there are bando today.
Yeah want to read this together. interest you because if it really wouldn't if you're just saying how to make me happy for no get probably wood like It'd be fun to read that way. I don't want to start it.
If we're going to meet together so less abstract there's a lot more conversation there's a lot more in the book, like the part where she falls under the ground.
It's easier to follow and it says I am nature's Bright.
She also says several other things, and there's also commentary from the narrator.
But we'll ask you that so I kind of like the movie better that way because it's clean across.
Simply yeah, there's more in it your basic account here and that does $250 a month.
It that's a whole lot that saves with your if you're down.
Actually It's a 5 colleges come on called Jenny do my project language because I wanted to ask her magazine.
She said, So I tell you that woman who is this book here?
You. Hello here issued the art here and other it's said in here that she does clip art for different in terms of liturgical phrase, and I found there's 2 books listed under her name besides this
one. But there are clip art books, point is for feasts and celebrations, and they're like that.
They have neat titles. You just need to get yourself a smart book and a scanner.
What would I do with the skin computer and make your thing was look up?
Yeah, they wouldn't need a xerox machine and tape and blue and stuff.
Yeah. see that you could scan them colors and sizes things like that?
This is going to say, staggering the color picture.
How much is it going? Picture you can get a color version of would be great reasonable did this go to if you go far away way, though 399 gracefully style clean, and we brighter with cherry finished
legs want to, senior on We were planning you didn't like this?
Not really you get for a different color, school don't think it's high upward. Now I could probably get reclining a legacy reclining sofa, since one of the sort of that remember we look through like serious
catalogs and stuff like that. And there is these.
Oh, yeah, really amazing complete things built-in tables and storage refrigerators and copy makers on the sort of stuff. Whoa!
What they are cycle with the built-in entertainment center.
That's amazing, quicker. sure you don't want to get a huge big bed.
You sure i'm sure that's good What time Did you come home?
What time is it? after 11 o'clock is going to be aboriginal sleep?
It's like 1125 either it's still too many bits.
Send your revisit a funny mixed book, which one is a toe articles by different people.
It doesn't take a great deal of attention very old Smith aluminum quarterly.
When I graduated full explanation of all variations sort of by saying alumnus, it's not the graduate.
Oh, so color in your garden book. See what Bernoulli per root, Melody Harbor House.
It should come over here where it's lighter so I would have to move to that actually have more water.
I think I should have to move for that, too. My life is so hard.
Finish the spinach. They was a very small 3 screens crossing screen.
Music goes all right. I Just heard it I couldn't see it parents were hesitant out the door water.
You wish for your work. Keep some things to me. She looked at me.
She smiled at me. She talked to because there are 3 new things, because usually she goes to this, which doesn't know she's a really nice mom.
So we got broader. She can be her encounter she's a mother, and i'll sit here.
Mom will be i'm going to help you more but 2 and a half when she's saying already disease she's 19.
So they took him with various survey and she won some prize that older kids can win, So that's a great kid.
And right now start to see if she was she might have she said she wasn't planned, she said the emperor indices very amazing to business about this sort.
It's, business songs there's lots of or Christmas science, all different languages.
And then they translated the English, and it tells about them, and I think we should get it.
What do you think I don't know I Haven't seen it?
Well, the cover is, but They'll See me inside Well, you better come tomorrow.